com/example/keyknowledge/model/KnowledgeManager.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.KnowledgeManager
com/example/keyknowledge/control/QuestionControl.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.QuestionControl
com/example/keyknowledge/model/PairingManager.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.PairingManager
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/model/IaModule.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.IaModule
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.IaModule$Nodo
com/example/keyknowledge/model/MainManager.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.MainManager
com/example/keyknowledge/model/UserManager.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.UserManager
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.UserManager$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.UserManager$2
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/EndMatchBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.EndMatchBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/VignettaLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.VignettaLayoutBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/Pairing.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.Pairing
 com.example.keyknowledge.Pairing$MyTask
 com.example.keyknowledge.Pairing$MyTask$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.Pairing$MyTask$1$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.Pairing$MyTask$1$2
com/example/keyknowledge/model/QuizManager.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$2
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$3
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$3$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$3$2
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$3$3
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$4
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$4$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$4$2
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuizManager$4$3
com/example/keyknowledge/ViewDialog.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.ViewDialog
 com.example.keyknowledge.ViewDialog$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.ViewDialog$2
 com.example.keyknowledge.ViewDialog$3
com/google/firebase/database/DataSnapshotMock.java
 com.google.firebase.database.DataSnapshotMock
com/example/keyknowledge/control/MatchControl.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.MatchControl
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.MatchControl$1
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/AlertConnectionLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.AlertConnectionLayoutBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/model/Quiz.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.Quiz
com/example/keyknowledge/model/MatchManager.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.MatchManager
com/example/keyknowledge/model/QuestionManager.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuestionManager
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.QuestionManager$1
com/example/keyknowledge/model/Question.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.Question
com/example/keyknowledge/model/LoginManager.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.LoginManager
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/HomeBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.HomeBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/control/MainControl.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.MainControl
com/example/keyknowledge/MyService.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.MyService
 com.example.keyknowledge.MyService$1
com/example/keyknowledge/control/LoginControl.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.LoginControl
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/MatchBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.MatchBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/control/UserControl.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.UserControl
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/LoginBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.LoginBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/Login.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.Login
 com.example.keyknowledge.Login$1
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/ItemAnswerBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.ItemAnswerBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/control/EndMatchControl.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.EndMatchControl
com/example/keyknowledge/DrawerTopFragment.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.DrawerTopFragment
 com.example.keyknowledge.DrawerTopFragment$UserListener
com/example/keyknowledge/ListAdapter.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.ListAdapter
com/example/keyknowledge/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.BuildConfig
com/example/keyknowledge/Match.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.Match
 com.example.keyknowledge.Match$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.Match$2
 com.example.keyknowledge.Match$3
com/example/keyknowledge/InternetConnection.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.InternetConnection
 com.example.keyknowledge.InternetConnection$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.InternetConnection$2
com/example/keyknowledge/MainActivity.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.MainActivity
 com.example.keyknowledge.MainActivity$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.MainActivity$2
 com.example.keyknowledge.MainActivity$3
 com.example.keyknowledge.MainActivity$4
 com.example.keyknowledge.MainActivity$5
 com.example.keyknowledge.MainActivity$6
com/example/keyknowledge/EndMatch.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.EndMatch
 com.example.keyknowledge.EndMatch$1
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/ResultLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.ResultLayoutBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/model/User.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.User
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/SearchPlayerBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.SearchPlayerBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/control/PairingControl.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.PairingControl
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.PairingControl$1
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/DrawerTopBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.DrawerTopBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/Knowledge.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.Knowledge
 com.example.keyknowledge.Knowledge$1
 com.example.keyknowledge.Knowledge$2
com/example/keyknowledge/AdapterWrapper.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.AdapterWrapper
com/example/keyknowledge/databinding/KnowledgeBinding.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.databinding.KnowledgeBinding
com/example/keyknowledge/model/EndMatchManager.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.model.EndMatchManager
com/example/keyknowledge/control/KnowledgeControl.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.KnowledgeControl
com/example/keyknowledge/control/QuizControl.java
 com.example.keyknowledge.control.QuizControl
